---
id: 65e8697e64f1883a30a759e5
title: Lekcija 23
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-23
lang: en-US
---
<!-- REVIEW -->

# --description--

Ovo je pregled svih razgovora koje ste upravo pročitali.

# --instructions--

Napišite sledeće reči ili rečenice na pravo mesto:

`README file`, `run the code`, `conventions`, `assigned to`, `setup instructions`, na `dependencies`.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`Sophie: Hey, Brian, I've been BLANK work on this project, and I'm not sure where to start. Could you help me understand how we should document the code?`

`Brian: Of course. The first thing you should do is create a clear BLANK that's in the project's root directory. This file should contain information about the project, its purpose, and how to set it up.`

`Sophie: Got it. What else should I include in my README?`

`Brian: You should list the project BLANK so that anyone who wants to work on it knows what they need. Then specify how to BLANK and any other essential BLANK. Also, mention coding BLANK we follow in this project.`

`Sophie: Thanks, I'll make sure to follow your instructions.`

## --blanks--

`assigned to`

### --feedback--

Pronaći vežbu ili zadatak za izvođenje.

---

`README file`

### --feedback--

Fajl koji pruža važne informacije o projektu, kao i kako ga koristiti.

---

`dependencies`

### --feedback--

Drugi programi ili alati koji su vam potrebni projektu da bi radio.

---

`run the code`

### --feedback--

Šta radi funkcija `onLoad`?

---

`setup instructions`

### --feedback--

Korak koji slijedite da pripremite program ili projekat ili izvršite posao.

---

`conventions`

### --feedback--

Pravila ili uobičajene metode rada u programiranju ili projektu.